blog: subagents workshop (#3993)
block/goose: documentation/blog/2025-08-10-vibe-coding-with-goose-building-apps-with-ai-agents/index.md

---
title: How 7 AI Agents Worked Together to Build an App in One Hour

> description: "Learn how to build a full-stack AI app in under an hour using Goose's sub-agent orchestration, from planning to testing."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Learn how to build a full-stack AI app in under an hour using Goose's subagent orchestration, from planning to testing."
```

authors: 
    - angie
---

![blog cover](header-image.png)

What if I told you that you could build a complete, working web application in under an hour using nothing but AI agents? Not just a simple "Hello World" app, but a full-stack application with a backend API, responsive frontend, unit tests, and documentation?

> That's exactly what we accomplished during the Vibe Coding workshop at [Berkeley's Agentic AI Summit](https://www.youtube.com/embed/_w5m3h9jY-w?start=7146), where I demonstrated how to use Goose's sub-agent orchestration to spin up an entire development team of AI agents. Each agent took on a specific role - from product planning to QA testing - and worked together to build "AI BriefMe", a web app that generates executive style briefings on any topic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That's exactly what we accomplished during the Vibe Coding workshop at [Berkeley's Agentic AI Summit](https://www.youtube.com/embed/_w5m3h9jY-w?start=7146), where I demonstrated how to use Goose's subagent orchestration to spin up an entire development team of AI agents. Each agent took on a specific role - from product planning to QA testing - and worked together to build "AI BriefMe", a web app that generates executive style briefings on any topic.
```

<!-- truncate -->

## The Power of Multi-Agent Development

Traditional AI coding assistants are great at helping you write individual functions or debug specific issues. But what if you need to build something from scratch? What if you want to simulate an entire software development lifecycle?

> That's where Goose's sub-agent feature shines. Instead of doing everything yourself, you can orchestrate a team of specialized AI agents, each with their own expertise:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That's where Goose's subagent feature shines. Instead of doing everything yourself, you can orchestrate a team of specialized AI agents, each with their own expertise:
```

- **Complete Documentation**: Everything needed to run, modify, and extend the app

But here's the important part: this wasn't production-ready code. The QA agent was very clear about that, flagging security, performance, and scalability issues.

<details>
  <summary>QA Analysis Highlights</summary>

  ```md
    ## 🔍 QA Analysis Highlights

    ### Critical Issues Identified
    - **Security**: Command injection risk, no authentication, missing rate limiting
    - **Performance**: Blocking operations, memory leaks, inefficient parsing
    - **Scalability**: Single-threaded bottleneck, no horizontal scaling support

    ### Risk Assessment
    - **Overall Risk Level**: HIGH ⚠️
    - **Production Readiness**: Not recommended without addressing critical issues
    - **Timeline for Production**: 2-3 weeks for P0 items, 4-6 weeks for full readiness

    ### Testing Quality Assessment
    - **Test Coverage**: Excellent (91%+ across all metrics)
    - **Edge Case Handling**: Comprehensive
    - **Error Scenarios**: Well covered
    - **Resilience Testing**: Implemented
  ```

</details>

## The Human Still Matters

> This workshop perfectly illustrates the current state of AI-assisted development. Goose and its sub-agents can absolutely accelerate prototyping and help you build working applications quickly. But the human developer still owns the critical judgment calls:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This workshop perfectly illustrates the current state of AI-assisted development. Goose and its subagents can absolutely accelerate prototyping and help you build working applications quickly. But the human developer still owns the critical judgment calls:
```

- **Architecture decisions**: Is this the right approach for the problem?
- **Security considerations**: What are the risks we need to mitigate?
- **Production readiness**: What needs to be hardened before real users touch this?
- **Business logic**: Does this actually solve the user's problem?

## The Future of Development

What we demonstrated in this workshop hints at a fascinating future for software development where we might find ourselves orchestrating AI agent teams. The skills that matter become:

- **Prompt engineering**: How do you communicate requirements clearly to AI agents?
- **System design**: How do you break complex problems into agent-sized tasks?
- **Quality assurance**: How do you validate and test AI-generated code?
- **Integration**: How do you combine outputs from multiple agents into cohesive solutions?

> ## Getting Started with Sub-Agents

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Getting Started with Subagents
```
